README.md, before:

dogeon
======

DSON encoder/decoder for Python ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/soasme/dogeon.svg?branch=master)

![Doge](http://dogeon.org/doge.gif)


### What is Dogeon?

`Dogeon` is a simple, fast, complete, correct and extensible DSON <http://dogeon.org>
encoder and decoder for Python.  It is pure Python code with no dependencies.

The encoder can be specialized to provide serialization in any kind of situation,
without any special support by the objects to be serialized (somewhat like pickle).
This is best done with the default kwarg to dumps.

The decoder can handle incoming DSON strings of any specified encoding
(UTF-8 by default). It can also be specialized to post-process DSON objects with
the object_hook or object_pairs_hook kwargs.

`Dogeon` Support:

* Python 2.7
* Python 3.3
* Python 3.4
* PyPy

### How to install `Dogeon`?

    $ pip install dogeon

### How to use `Dogeon`?

It has completely the same API with standard `json` library.


    In [1]: import dson

    In [2]: dson.loads('such "foo" is "bar". "doge" is "shibe" wow')
    Out[2]: {u'doge': u'shibe', u'foo': u'bar'}

    In [3]: dson.dumps({"foo": "bar", "doge": "shibe"})
    Out[3]: 'such "doge" is "shibe", "foo" is "bar" wow'


### How to contribute?

Running tests:

    py.test tests

### Note

Since DSON allow `,.!?` as member separators, `Dogeon` default use `,` as member
seperator when dumps.
Since DSON allow `and`, `also` as object element separators, `Dogeon` default use
`and` as element separators.

Commit message:

Readme fixes
This fixes an inaccuracy (the module name on PyPI is actually "Dogeon"
with a capital "D").

It also makes a few grammar corrections, and adds context highlighting
for the iPython shell examples.

README.md, after:

dogeon
======

DSON encoder/decoder for Python ![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/soasme/dogeon.svg?branch=master)

![Doge](http://dogeon.org/doge.gif)


### What is Dogeon?

`Dogeon` is a simple, fast, complete, correct and extensible DSON <http://dogeon.org>
encoder and decoder for Python.  It is pure Python code with no dependencies.

The encoder can be specialized to provide serialization in any kind of situation,
without any special support by the objects to be serialized (somewhat like pickle).
This is best done with the default kwarg to dumps.

The decoder can handle incoming DSON strings of any specified encoding
(UTF-8 by default). It can also be specialized to post-process DSON objects with
the `object_hook` or `object_pairs_hook` kwargs.

`Dogeon` Support:

* Python 2.7
* Python 3.3
* Python 3.4
* PyPy

### How to install `Dogeon`?

    $ pip install Dogeon

### How to use `Dogeon`?

It uses the exact same API as the standard `json` library.

```python
In [1]: import dson

In [2]: dson.loads('such "foo" is "bar". "doge" is "shibe" wow')
Out[2]: {u'doge': u'shibe', u'foo': u'bar'}

In [3]: dson.dumps({"foo": "bar", "doge": "shibe"})
Out[3]: 'such "doge" is "shibe", "foo" is "bar" wow'
```

### How to contribute?

Running tests:

    py.test tests

### Note

While DSON allows `,.!?` as member separators, `Dogeon` by default uses `,` as
a member seperator for dumps.

Also, while DSON allows `and`, `also` as object element separators, `Dogeon` by
default uses `and` as an element separator.
